Two Cold-blooded Uncles Cooking to the Beat
A Short Story

Kathy Ramsbottom was thinking about David Ball again. David was a lovable monster with sticky thighs and fluffy fingernails.
Kathy walked over to the window and reflected on her chilly surroundings. She had always loved grey Moscow with its jolly, jealous jungle. It was a place that encouraged her tendency to feel cross.
Then she saw something in the distance, or rather someone. It was the a lovable figure of David Ball.

Kathy gulped. She glanced at her own reflection. She was a courageous, special, tea drinker with beautiful thighs and hairy fingernails. Her friends saw her as a kindhearted, klutzy knight. Once, she had even brought an average old man back from the brink of death.
But not even a courageous person who had once brought an average old man back from the brink of death, was prepared for what David had in store today.
The wind blew like dancing cats, making Kathy afraid. Kathy grabbed a crumpled book that had been strewn nearby; she massaged it with her fingers.

As Kathy stepped outside and David came closer, she could see the plain smile on his face.
David gazed with the affection of 9222 spiteful calm cats. He said, in hushed tones, "I love you and I want a pencil."
Kathy looked back, even more afraid and still fingering the crumpled book. "David, I've got a new job," she replied.


They looked at each other with angry feelings, like two bulbous, bad blue bottles eating at a very controlling wedding, which had jazz music playing in the background and two cold-blooded uncles cooking to the beat.
Kathy studied David's sticky thighs and fluffy fingernails. Eventually, she took a deep breath. "I'm sorry," began Kathy in apologetic tones, "but I don't feel the same way, and I never will. I just don't love you David."
David looked jumpy, his emotions raw like a rainy, rich record.

Kathy could actually hear David's emotions shatter into 3878 pieces. Then the lovable monster hurried away into the distance.
Not even a cup of tea would calm Kathy's nerves tonight.

